docs/User-Accounts-Access/MFA at Agnes Scott.md, before:

# What is MFA?

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) provides your account greater security by verifying that it's you who is signing in every time. All forms of MFA require at least two layers of authentication to access an account -- the primary being your password and the secondary being some other form of verification. This secondary form of verification can be some combination of the following: 

- **REQUIRED**: the Microsoft Authenticator app on your smartphone or tablet ([Apple App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-authenticator/id983156458) | [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azure.authenticator&hl=en_US&pli=1)) 
- **REQUIRED**: your personal cell number *or* your work number (Faculty and Staff only)
- **OPTIONAL**: a non-ASC email address

# Why do we use MFA?

Agnes Scott implemented MFA to reduce the chances of a cyber attack succeeding and affecting various campus resources and individual accounts.  

# How do I set up MFA? 

If you have yet to sign into your ASC account, please use a computer **or some device other than your phone** to follow the instructions below. 

1. Go to scottiemail.agnesscott.edu and type in your full ASC email address. Click the next button. 
2. Type your password in the designated field. Click "Next".
3. You will see a screen that says "More information required". Click the next button. 
4. A new webpage will open. Here you will setup MFA. Configuring the Microsoft Authentication App and inputting your phone number both are required. 
5. Set up the Microsoft Authenticator App
   1. If you haven't already, please download the Authentication App on the device you wish to use for secondary verification ([Apple App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-authenticator/id983156458) | [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azure.authenticator&hl=en_US&pli=1)).
   2. Hit "Next" on the screen titled "Start by getting the app".
   3. Open the Authenticator app. **You must enable notifications for the app to work.** 
   4. Within the app, select "Add an account" then "Add Work or School" account when prompted.
   5. On the website, hit  "Next".
   6. The website will prompt you to scan a QR code. To scan this code on the app, tap "Sign in via QR code" and then hold your camera up to the QR Code on the screen displaying the website.
   7. You will receive a notification on the app to "Approve" or "Deny" access. You may be prompted to input a number and use your phone's verification method to further confirm your identity. Select approve, input the number, and complete your phone's security measures. 
   8. Once the notification is approved, you will a screen that says "Notification approved". Click next.
6. Set up a phone number for MFA
   - *Single-User Accounts (employee or student)*: Use either your personal cell number or office phone number (if you're an employee). 
   - *Generic Accounts (multi-user accounts)*: Use the office phone number. 
   - We recommend using the text option for the verification code. If you chose the phone call option, which is only the best option if you're using an Avaya Cloud Office phone without an accessible email associated, you must press the pound key (#) as soon as you answer the phone to complete the MFA process. 
7. Once you've verified the number, click "Next." If you see a screen that says "Success", you've completed MFA setup for your account. Click "Done" to access your account. 


# What should I use as my default secondary MFA? 

The college recommends you use the Microsoft Authenticator app as your default secondary verification method. This will allow you to receive codes even if you are out of the country or in an area that has poor or no cellular coverage.

While acceptable, using a phone number or a non-ASC email address as the default secondary verification method can prevent sign-in if you lose access to your phone/personal email or have poor cellular service.


# I want to be able to use MFA on a second device. How do I set that up?

1. Log into this website using your ASC account and current MFA device: [https://aka.ms/mfasetup](https://aka.ms/mfasetup) . 
2. A window entitled "My Sign-Ins" will appear. Select the "Security Info" section. 
3. Within the "Security Info" tab, you can...
   - **add a new sign in method (within the following options)**: alternative phone number and/or alternative Authenticator app phone
   - **change the default authentication method (within the following options)**: phone call, text, authentication app notification, authentication app code.

# I got a new phone and now MFA won't work. What should I do?

If you recently upgraded/replaced your phone or had to change phone numbers, MFA will be unavailable on that device until it is added to your account. In order to add the replacement device, you will need to do **one** of the following:

- use the old device to sign into this link and click the "Add sign-in method" button to add your new device: https://aka.ms/mfasetup
- contact the ASC Help Desk for a MFA Reset. Once the MFA Reset is complete, you will be prompted to re-do the MFA setup process the next time you access your account, allowing you to connect your new device.

Commit message:

Update MFA at Agnes Scott.md

docs/User-Accounts-Access/MFA at Agnes Scott.md, after:

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) at Agnes Scott

- [What is MFA?](#what-is-mfa-)
- [Why does Agnes Scott use MFA?](#why-does-agnes-scott-use-mfa-)
- [How do I set up MFA?](#how-do-i-set-up-mfa-)
- [What should I use as my default secondary MFA?](#what-should-i-use-as-my-default-secondary-mfa-)
- [I want to be able to use MFA on a second device. How do I set that up?](#i-want-to-be-able-to-use-mfa-on-a-second-device-how-do-i-set-that-up-)
- [I got a new phone and now MFA doesn't work. What should I do?](#i-got-a-new-phone-and-now-mfa-doesn-t-work-what-should-i-do-)

# What is MFA?

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) provides your account greater security by verifying that it's you who is signing in every time. All forms of MFA require at least two layers of authentication to access an account -- the primary being your password and the secondary being some other form of verification. This secondary form of verification can be some combination of the following: 

- **REQUIRED**: the Microsoft Authenticator app on your smartphone or tablet ([Apple App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-authenticator/id983156458) | [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azure.authenticator&hl=en_US&pli=1)) 
- **REQUIRED**: your personal cell number *or* your Avaya Cloud office number (Faculty and Staff only)
- **OPTIONAL**: a non-ASC email address

# Why does Agnes Scott use MFA?

Agnes Scott implemented MFA to reduce the chances of a cyber attack succeeding and affecting various campus resources and individual accounts.  

# How do I set up MFA? 

If you have yet to sign into your ASC account, please use a computer **or a device other than your phone** to follow the instructions below. 

1. Go to https://scottiemail.agnesscott.edu and type in your full ASC email address. Click the next button. 
2. Type your password in the designated field. Click "Next".
3. You will see a screen that says "More information required". Click the next button. 
4. A new webpage will open. Here you will setup MFA. You will have to configure the Microsoft Authentication App and input your phone number. 
5. Set up the Microsoft Authenticator App
   1. If you haven't already, please download the Authentication App on the device you wish to use for secondary verification ([Apple App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-authenticator/id983156458) | [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azure.authenticator&hl=en_US&pli=1)).
   2. Hit "Next" on the screen titled "Start by getting the app".
   3. Open the Authenticator app. **You must enable notifications for the app to work.** 
   4. Within the app, select "Add an account" then "Add Work or School" account when prompted.
   5. On the website, hit  "Next".
   6. The website will prompt you to scan a QR code. To scan this code on the app, tap "Sign in via QR code" and then hold your camera up to the website’s QR Code.
   7. You will receive a notification on the app to "Approve" or "Deny" access. You may be prompted to input a number and use your phone's secure login method (ex: pattern, Face ID, thumb print, etc.). Select approve, input the number, and complete your phone's secure login method. 
   8. Once the notification is approved, you will see a screen that says "Notification approved". Click next.
6. Set up a phone number for MFA to receive a verification code
   - *Single-User Accounts (employee or student)*: Use either your personal cell number or office phone number (if you're an employee). 
   - *Generic Accounts (multi-user accounts)*: Use the Avaya Cloud office phone number. 
   - We recommend using the text option for the verification code. If you chose the phone call option, which is only the best option if you're using an Avaya Cloud Office phone without an accessible email associated, you must press the pound key (#) as soon as you answer the phone to complete the MFA process. 
7. Once you've verified the number, click "Next." If you see a screen that says "Success", you've completed MFA setup for your account. Click "Done" to access your account. 


# What should I use as my default secondary MFA? 

The college recommends you use the Microsoft Authenticator app as your default secondary verification method. This will allow you to receive codes even if you are out of the country or in an area that has poor or no cellular coverage.

While acceptable, using a phone number or a non-ASC email address as the default secondary verification method can prevent sign-in if you lose access to your phone/personal email or have poor cellular service.


# I want to be able to use MFA on a second device. How do I set that up?

1. Log into this website using your ASC account and current MFA device: [https://aka.ms/mfasetup](https://aka.ms/mfasetup) . 
2. A window entitled "My Sign-Ins" will appear. Select the "Security Info" section. 
3. Within the "Security Info" tab, you can...
   - **add a new sign in method (within the following options)**: alternative phone number and/or alternative Authenticator app phone
   - **change the default authentication method (within the following options)**: phone call, text, authentication app notification, authentication app code.

# I got a new phone and now MFA doesn't work. What should I do?

If you recently upgraded/replaced your phone or had to change phone numbers, MFA will be unavailable on that device until it is added to your account. To add the new device to your account, you will need to do **one** of the following:

- use the old device to sign into this link and click the "Add sign-in method" button to add your new device: https://aka.ms/mfasetup
- contact the ASC Help Desk for a MFA Reset. Once the MFA Reset is complete, you will be prompted to re-do the MFA setup process the next time you access your account, allowing you to connect your new device.
